announcement I'd like to share with you
today our abilities are our major part
of square-enix legacy including final
fantasy dragon quest and Kingdom Hearts
RPG fans from all over the world our
supporters are over the years and we are
devoted to keep creating incredible new
RPG titles with that I'm happy to
announce the initiation of a new RPG
project being developed by a newly
established studio today I'd like to
share some of the details for the first
time it's a new studio working on this
project is called Tokyo RPG Factory so
named represent our dedication to
creating Japanese RPGs
this is an audio console RPG it's not a
strain of what I made but a completely
new series with its delicate and
somewhat with war atmosphere we we are
pouring eight protecto Sethna
i cannot share too many details at this
point but the game is already under
development and is planned for a global
release in 2016
as you can see from the amazing content
we presented there here today this
year's e3 lineup is the most powerful
unique and diverse in the history of
Square Enix from attempt franchises to
exciting IP new IP I beat with which
stories created characters and world
square Enix is bringing phenomenal
entertainment to every type of gamer for
every viable platform the amazing
content and services created by our
global create creative teams truly
represent represent our board to help
spread happiness across the globe by
providing unforgettable experiences in
2015 you will see a full range of
creativity the Square Enix group has to
offer beginning of this III but we will
never stop moving forward we promise you
that Square Enix will continue to
deliver ultimate entertainment
experiences that will amaze and exalt
Camus